KEP-5495 - Add deprecation and removal timeline for ipvs (#56172)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/KubeProxyIPVS.md

---
title: KubeProxyIPVS
content_type: feature_gate
_build:
  list: never
  render: false

stages:
  - stage: deprecated
    defaultValue: true
    fromVersion: "1.37"
---

Allow selecting the `ipvs` proxy mode in kube-proxy.
See
[IPVS proxy mode](/docs/reference/networking/virtual-ips/#proxy-mode-ipvs)

> for more details.

Reviewer: Even better:
```suggestion
Enable support for the deprecated [`ipvs` proxy mode](/docs/reference/networking/virtual-ips/#proxy-mode-ipvs) in kube-proxy.
```

In the text, it helps to mention that it is deprecated. We don't have to worry about that changing; there is very little chance that it would be un-deprecated.

---
title: KubeProxyIPVS
content_type: feature_gate
_build:
  list: never
  render: false

stages:
  - stage: deprecated
    defaultValue: true
    fromVersion: "1.37"

---

> Enable the `ipvs` proxy mode in kube-proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow selecting the `ipvs` proxy mode in kube-proxy.
```
